h2. Description

A minimalistic library intended to help in using namespaces and class inheritance in JavaScript.

Objs enables:
* Class declaration using namespaces
* Access to class constructors using their namespaces
* Simplified inheritance syntax which follow ExtJS, Prototype, Mootools conventions
* Shortcuts to superclass and its methods 
* A complete library to help in using OOP for less than 1KB

h2. Getting Started

* Documentation and examples: "Github Wiki":https://github.com/tekool/objs/wiki

h2. License

Copyright (C) 2011 Frederic Saunier

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

h2. For advanced Objs developers

h3. Build

The project was built using "YUICompressor":http://yuilibrary.com/downloads/#yuicompressor and "YUIant":http://www.ubik-ingenierie.com/miscellanous/YUIAnt/.

h3. Unit Tests

Unit tests are built upon "YUI Test Standalone Library":http://yuilibrary.com/yuitest/.

The tests run by opening the /index.html. The test runner and Unit Test
framework loads all the libraries it needs from the /lib/yuitest folder. They
were first built upon YUI 3.2.0 and YUITest 1.0.0 b1 standalone libraries.


h2. Objs v2.1 Changelog

* Protobject (the object used to declare class properties and methods) is now mandatory.
* An exception is thrown when trying to import a class which isn't registered.
* Redefining a class with the same classpath now replace it with the new class definition.
* When the second parameter is a strict "null", the associated classpath is removed from Objs and ready for GC.
* Each class has a new $classpath parameter reflecting the classpath with which it was declared.